Add Steadybit integration (#1695)
DataDog/integrations-extras: steadybit/README.md

# Steadybit

## Overview

[Steadybit](https://steadybit.com/) is the first reliability engineering platform to go beyond Chaos Engineering. Organizations in the eCommerce, SaaS and financial services industries, as well as global enterprises choose Steadybit to roll out chaos engineering across their teams to foster a culture of reliability. Steadybit provides everything an organization needs to make it safe and easy to bridge the gap between the experts (SREs, platform and expert teams) and the developers.

The monitor status check step can be dragged&dropped into the experiment editor. Once done, you can use it to collect information about the state of the Datadog monitors and, optionally, to verify that they are within the expected status.

> Experiments can be aborted and marked as failed when the Datadog monitor status check's actual state diverges from the expected state. This helps implement pre-/post-conditions and invariants. For example, to only start an experiment when the system is healthy.

Reviewer: We try and avoid marketing copy for integrations on the itnegrations page. Could you provide the following: 

1. What does Steadybit do in 1-2 sentences?
2. What will customers get from this integration? (the value of the integration) 
3. What data this integrations sends to datadog

## Setup

> The integration between Datadog and Steadybit is done through the [Steadybit Datadog extension](https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog). The extension interacts with Datadog's API to gather information about monitors and report events to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration between Datadog and Steadybit is done through the [Steadybit Datadog extension][2]. The extension interacts with Datadog's API to gather information about monitors and report events to Datadog.
```

### Prerequisites

> You will need a [free or paid Steadybit license](https://signup.steadybit.io/?utm_campaign=datadog-integration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-setup). The integration supports Steadybit's SAAS and on-premises offering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need a [free or paid Steadybit license][3]. The integration supports Steadybit's SAAS and on-premises offering.
```

### Installation

> Several [installation methods are supported](https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog#content-installation). The simplest way to install the Steadybit Datadog extension is through our dedicated Helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several [installation methods are supported][4]. The simplest way to install the Steadybit Datadog extension is through our dedicated Helm chart.
```

> To learn more about the supported values for `datadog.siteParameter` and `datadog.siteUrl`, please see [Datadog's site documentation page](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the supported values for `datadog.siteParameter` and `datadog.siteUrl`, please see [Datadog's site documentation page][5].
```

```
helm repo add steadybit https://steadybit.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update

helm upgrade steadybit-extension-datadog \
  --install \
  --wait \
  --timeout 5m0s \
  --create-namespace \
  --namespace steadybit-extension \
  --set datadog.apiKey="{{API_KEY}}" \
  --set datadog.applicationKey="{{APPLICATION_KEY}}" \
  --set datadog.siteParameter="{{SITE_PARAMETER}}" \
  --set datadog.siteUrl="{{SITE_URL}}" \
  steadybit/steadybit-extension-datadog
```

### Validation

Once the Steadybit Datadog extension is running, you can see a list of Datadog monitors within the *Landscape* tab in Steadybit.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Steadybit does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks

Steadybit does not include any service checks.

### Events

Steadybit reports events to Datadog indicating chaos engineering activity. All such events carry the `source:steadybit` tag.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Steadybit's support](mailto:support@steadybit.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Steadybit's support](mailto:support@steadybit.com).

[1]: https://steadybit.com/
[2]: https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog
[3]: https://signup.steadybit.io/utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-setup
[4]: https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog#content-installation
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site
```

# Steadybit

## Overview

> [Steadybit][1] is a chaos-engineering platform allowing you to simulate turbulent conditions in a controlled way, to improve system reliability and guide your organization to better incident management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Steadybit][1] is a chaos engineering platform allowing you to simulate turbulent conditions in a controlled way, to improve system reliability and guide your organization to better incident management.
```

> Through this integration, you can leverage Datadog information within chaos-engineering experiments and see chaos-engineering activity in the form of events within Datadog.

Reviewer: Could you provide 1-2 sentences on what customers will get out of this integration (the value)? Typically we like to have integrations include:

1. What does Steadybit do in 1-2 sentences?
2. What will customers get from this integration (the value)? 
3. What types of data is being sent to datadog? 

For context, we want customers to be able to read the overview and know exactly what the integration and partner does :)

Author: Hey @emarsha94,

would the following be a good replacement for the `Through this integration` paragraph that satisfies points 2) and 3)?

> Through this integration, you can leverage Datadog information within chaos engineering experiments. For example, to verify that Datadog monitors report an *Ok* status. Chaos engineering activity is also reflected within Datadog in the form of events. You can use these events in various ways, e.g., as event overlays to communicate chaos engineering activity to your teams.

Reviewer: It's a great start! A couple of questions: 
1. What type of information would customers leverage?
2. What do you mean by experiments? 
3. What type of chaos engineering activity is sent? What insight does this provide?

Author: > What type of information would customers leverage?

Datadog monitors' status. The status could be used, for example, as a precondition for an experiment. Meaning: Only start the attack on a system when the system is not already facing any issues, i.e., `monitor status == Ok`.

> What do you mean by experiments?

Experiments are a core term within the chaos engineering space. Users finding this integration relevant should already be aware of the term. For more information you can read the [Principles of Chaos Engineering](https://principlesofchaos.org/)

> What type of chaos engineering activity is sent? What insight does this provide?

The information captured within the events transmitted to Datadog reflect:

 1. There an experiment started/ended
 2. The result of experiment
 3. In what environment the experiment was executed (which can be used to scope/filter events for Datadog event overlays)

> Through this integration, you can leverage Datadog information within chaos-engineering experiments and see chaos-engineering activity in the form of events within Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Through this integration, you can leverage Datadog information within chaos engineering experiments and see chaos engineering activity in the form of events within Datadog.
```

> Through this integration, you can leverage Datadog information within chaos engineering experiments and see chaos engineering activity in the form of events within Datadog.

Reviewer: Thank you for making the previous changes! Could you provide insight on:
1. What type of information customers can leverage? 
2. What type of information is sent to datadog via events?

We typically like the overview clear enough so someone who isn't familiar with the integration will be able to read the overview and understand what the partner does, what the integration does and the value it provides :)

> Through this integration, you can leverage Datadog information within chaos-engineering experiments and see chaos-engineering activity in the form of events within Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Steadybit integration leverages the status of Datadog monitors within chaos engineering experiments. This integration provides your team insight into chaos engineering activity such as the experiments environment, start/end time, and the result of the experiment through Datadog events.
```

## Setup

The integration between Datadog and Steadybit is done through the [Steadybit Datadog extension][2]. The extension interacts with Datadog's API to gather information about monitors and report events to Datadog.

### Prerequisites

You will need a [free or paid Steadybit license][3]. The integration supports Steadybit's SAAS and on-premises offering.

### Installation

> Several [installation methods are supported][4]. The simplest way to install the Steadybit Datadog extension is through our dedicated Helm chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Several [installation methods are supported][4]. For the best experience, install the Steadybit Datadog extension through the dedicated Helm chart.
```

> To learn more about the supported values for `datadog.siteParameter` and `datadog.siteUrl`, please see [Datadog's site documentation page][5].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about the supported values for `datadog.siteParameter` and `datadog.siteUrl`, see the [Datadog sites][5] page.
```

```
helm repo add steadybit https://steadybit.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update

helm upgrade steadybit-extension-datadog \
  --install \
  --wait \
  --timeout 5m0s \
  --create-namespace \
  --namespace steadybit-extension \
  --set datadog.apiKey="{{API_KEY}}" \
  --set datadog.applicationKey="{{APPLICATION_KEY}}" \
  --set datadog.siteParameter="{{SITE_PARAMETER}}" \
  --set datadog.siteUrl="{{SITE_URL}}" \
  steadybit/steadybit-extension-datadog
```

### Validation

> Once the Steadybit Datadog extension is running, see a list of Datadog monitors within the *Landscape* tab in Steadybit.

Reviewer: Can you link the landscape url to landscape?

Author: Unfortunately this is not possible, because customers might be operating an on-premises Steadybit installation :(

> Once the Steadybit Datadog extension is running, you can see a list of Datadog monitors within the *Landscape* tab in Steadybit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the Steadybit Datadog extension is running, see a list of Datadog monitors within the *Landscape* tab in Steadybit.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Steadybit does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks

Steadybit does not include any service checks.

### Events

> Steadybit reports events to Datadog indicating chaos engineering activity. All such events carry the `source:steadybit` tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Steadybit reports events to Datadog indicating chaos-engineering activity. All such events carry the `source:steadybit` tag.
```

Author: Chaos engineering is generally not hyphenated (in literature and online media). I would therefore not accept this suggestion.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for confirming that. I've added suggestions to remove the hyphen from the overview section.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Steadybit's support](mailto:support@steadybit.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Steadybit's support][6].
```

> [1]: https://steadybit.com/?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme
> [2]: https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme
> [3]: https://signup.steadybit.io/?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme
> [4]: https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme#content-installation
> [5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://steadybit.com/?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme
[2]: https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme
[3]: https://signup.steadybit.io/?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme
[4]: https://hub.steadybit.com/extension/com.github.steadybit.extension_datadog?utm_campaign=datadogintegration&utm_source=datadog&utm_medium=integration-readme#content-installation
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/#access-the-datadog-site
[6]: support@steadybit.com
```

# Steadybit

## Overview

[Steadybit][1] is a chaos engineering platform allowing you to simulate turbulent conditions in a controlled way, to improve system reliability and guide your organization to better incident management.

> The Steadybit integration uses the status of Datadog monitors within chaos engineering experiments. This integration provides your team insight into chaos engineering activity such as the experiments environment, start and end time, and the result of the experiment through Datadog events.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Steadybit integration uses the status of Datadog monitors within chaos engineering experiments. This integration provides your team insight into chaos engineering activity such as the experiment's environment, start and end time, and the result of the experiment through Datadog events.
```

## Setup

The integration between Datadog and Steadybit is done through the [Steadybit Datadog extension][2]. The extension interacts with Datadog's API to gather information about monitors and report events to Datadog.

### Prerequisites

You need a [free or paid Steadybit license][3]. The integration supports Steadybit's SAAS and on-premises offering.

### Installation

Several [installation methods are supported][4]. For the best experience, install the Steadybit Datadog extension through the dedicated Helm chart.

To learn more about the supported values for `datadog.siteParameter` and `datadog.siteUrl`, see the [Datadog sites][5] page.

> ```

Reviewer 3: Can you please add a line here explaining what the following text represents/what the user should do with it? Are these commands that the user needs to run to install?

Author: Made some slight wording changes and merged the two paragraphs (since the paragraph above already explains this).
